Add USB Camera guidance to camera_specific.md (#16729)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/camera_specific.md

### TP-Link VIGI Cameras

TP-Link VIGI cameras need some adjustments to the main stream settings on the camera itself to avoid issues. The stream needs to be configured as `H264` with `Smart Coding` set to `off`. Without these settings you may have problems when trying to watch recorded footage. For example Firefox will stop playback after a few seconds and show the following error message: `The media playback was aborted due to a corruption problem or because the media used features your browser did not support.`.

## USB Cameras (aka Webcams)

> In some scenarios one may desire using a USB Camera (i.e. webcam) to use with frigate. You can first check to see what the USB Camera device path is along with what its supported formats and dimensions are using `v4l-utils`, which you can install on a Debian GNU/Linux system with `sudo apt install v4l-utils`. You may then run `v4l2-ctl --list-devices` to get a listing of locally-connected cameras available. Assuming you have a camera connected to `/dev/video0`:

Reviewer: The phrasing here is redundant and slightly confusing. Could you reword or perhaps run it through an LLM to clean it up?

Author: Restructured instructions so the first paragraph is now just:

"In some scenarios one may desire using a USB Camera (i.e. webcam) with Frigate. The example instructions below walk through setting one up with go2rtc's [FFmpeg Device](https://github.com/AlexxIT/go2rtc?tab=readme-ov-file#source-ffmpeg-device) support:"

- Outside of Frigate, run `ffmpeg -f v4l2 -list_formats all -i /dev/video0` to get an idea of what formats and resolutions the USB Camera supports.

- If using Frigate in a container (e.g. Docker on TrueNAS), ensure you have USB Passthrough support enabled, along with a specific Host Device (`/dev/video0`) + Container Device (`/dev/video0`) listed.

> - In your Frigate Configuration File, list the USB camera with ffmpeg arguments that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In your Frigate configuration file, use:
```

Author: Redid this whole line as "Get USB camera path. Run `v4l2-ctl --list-devices` to get a listing of locally-connected cameras available. (You may need to install `v4l-utils` in a way appropriate for your Linux distribution). In the sample configuration below, we use `video=0` to correlate with a detected device path of `/dev/video0`"

Author: Restructured this whole line to say:
"- In your Frigate Configuration File, add the go2rtc stream and roles as appropriate:"
and jumps into the config, with example references further up.

>   - input args: reference the device (e.g. `/dev/video0`) and v4l2 (e.g. `-f v4l2`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - input args: reference v4l2 (e.g. `-f v4l2`)
```

Reviewer: The `path` is what should reference the device, not the `input_args`. Your example below is correct, but this wording here is inconsistent.

  - output args: reference video output is not in a container format (`-f rawvideo`) along with a filter format for the raw video (`-vf format=yuv420p`)
  - width/height for detection - you may likely need to base these off of the listings in the first step
  ```

>     usb_webcam:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  usb_webcam:
```

    enabled: true
    ffmpeg:
      inputs:
        - path: /dev/video0
          input_args: -f v4l2
          roles: 
            - detect

>             - record

Reviewer: You've specified a record role here, but the format being provided is not an rtsp stream. So ffmpeg will fail unless you specify the correct output args for recording.

Author: Thanks for the advice here. Looks like the folks did before (seen via issue discussions) is a bit outdated and there's a newer way to do this with go2rtc (specifically ffmpeg device support)

Author: Redid instructions altogether with go2rtc stream instead which should facilitate recording.

### TP-Link VIGI Cameras

TP-Link VIGI cameras need some adjustments to the main stream settings on the camera itself to avoid issues. The stream needs to be configured as `H264` with `Smart Coding` set to `off`. Without these settings you may have problems when trying to watch recorded footage. For example Firefox will stop playback after a few seconds and show the following error message: `The media playback was aborted due to a corruption problem or because the media used features your browser did not support.`.

## USB Cameras (aka Webcams)

> In some scenarios one may desire using a USB Camera (i.e. webcam) with Frigate. The example instructions below walk through setting one up with go2rtc's [FFmpeg Device](https://github.com/AlexxIT/go2rtc?tab=readme-ov-file#source-ffmpeg-device) support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a USB camera (webcam) with Frigate, the recommendation is to use go2rtc's [FFmpeg Device](https://github.com/AlexxIT/go2rtc?tab=readme-ov-file#source-ffmpeg-device) support:
```

  - Get USB camera formats & resolutions. Run `ffmpeg -f v4l2 -list_formats all -i /dev/video0` to get an idea of what formats and resolutions the USB Camera supports. In the sample configuration below, we use a width of 1024 and height of 576 in the stream and detection settings based on what was reported back.
  - If using Frigate in a container (e.g. Docker on TrueNAS), ensure you have USB Passthrough support enabled, along with a specific Host Device (`/dev/video0`) + Container Device (`/dev/video0`) listed.

- In your Frigate Configuration File, add the go2rtc stream and roles as appropriate:

```
go2rtc:
  streams:
    usb_camera:
      - "ffmpeg:device?video=0&video_size=1024x576#video=h264" 

cameras:
  usb_camera:
    enabled: true
    ffmpeg:
      inputs:
        - path: rtsp://127.0.0.1:8554/usb_camera
          input_args: preset-rtsp-restream
          roles:
            - detect
            - record
    detect:
      enabled: false # <---- disable detection until you have a working camera feed
      width: 1024
      height: 576
```

> There may be additional ffmpeg device arguments depending on your camera, you may want to check out issues [1184](https://github.com/blakeblackshear/frigate/issues/1184), [3213](https://github.com/blakeblackshear/frigate/issues/3213), and [4062](https://github.com/blakeblackshear/frigate/issues/4062) for more information. Note that these discussions may contain instructions before go2rtc support was added to Frigate and will differ in configuration setup.

Reviewer: Not sure if we want to include this in the official documentation as they are pretty old, and especially since they contain things that may not apply anymore. Users can always search the past issues and discussions if they need more assistance.

Author: Removed, thanks again.
